Add --description-from-stdin and --description-from-file to `rdctl snapshot create`. (#6120)
rancher-sandbox/rancher-desktop: bats/README.md

     ```sh
     shfmt -w ./bats/tests/containers/factory-reset.bats
     ```
## Other tips

> Use `$BATS_TMP_DIR` for temporary files. On Windows this needs to be converted to a wsl-compatible path

Reviewer: There is no `$BATS_TMP_DIR` variable.

```suggestion
Use `$BATS_FILE_TMPDIR` for temporary files. On Windows this needs to be converted to a wsl-compatible path
```

I would rather point to https://bats-core.readthedocs.io/en/stable/writing-tests.html#special-variables than to recommend a specific variable here. In general I don't think we should try to repeat the BATS docs, but rather point to the upstream docs instead.

using something like

> `TMP_DIR=$(wslpath_from_win32_env TMP_DIR)"`

Reviewer: The environment variable on Windows is `TMP` or `TEMP`, but not `TMP_DIR`.

```suggestion
`TMP_DIR=$(wslpath_from_win32_env TEMP)"`
```
